-- Original races
human_male.png: Human Male
human_female.png: Human Female
alien_male.png: Alien Male
alien_female.png: Alien Female
-- Continuation
character_1.png: Sam 0
character_2.png: Sam I
character_3.png: Sam II
character_4.png: Zeg9
character_5.png: VanessaE
character_6.png: Iron Man MK. 7
character_7.png: C55
character_8.png: Female Sam
character_9.png: Jordach
character_10.png: Tuxedo Sam
character_11.png: Semmett9
character_12.png: Semmett9
character_13.png: rotor112
character_14.png: Older Man Sam
character_15.png: G-Robo v5000
character_16.png: jojoa1997
character_17.png: Zenohelds default player
character_18.png: Sdzen
character_19.png: John
